Document c-type behaviour (#1665)
latex3/latex3: l3kernel/doc/source3body.tex

    lists (with access at both ends) and stacks.
\end{description}

> \subsection{Behavior of \texttt{c}-type expansion for undefined arguments}

Reviewer: the arguments aren't undefined the produced token is, but I have no idea how to say that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\subsection{Behavior of \texttt{c}-type expansion for undefined control sequence names}
```

Reviewer: yes, better

Reviewer 3: Agreed!

Author: I was avoiding 'control sequence' as `expl3` talks about functions and variables - but I can see that perhaps we have no choice here

> When \texttt{c}-type expansion is applied to with and argument that is

Reviewer: to with and argument?

Reviewer 3: Probably: 
to with and  ==>  to an

> When \texttt{c}-type expansion is applied to with and argument that is

Author: I've adjusted the text here

undefined, the result is a token equal to |\scan_stop:| (|\relax|). This will

> likely lead to low-level errors if applied to variables. As such, the

Author: I've changed (although to me they are the same)

programmer should ensure that \texttt{c}-type expansion is only applied where

> resulting variable names will definitely exist.

Reviewer: definitely -> already ?

Reviewer 2: No "definitely" is correct, imho. Think of `\tl_new:c`.

Reviewer: that's a case I haven't considered, but "definitely" doesn't  give the right vibe to me. I think it would be better to explicitly spell it out

 ...  already exists or is being defined by the command, e.g., \tl_new:c

with better wording of course.

Reviewer 3: Try this: keep "definitely" and add to the end of the sentence further explanation, such as:

: i.e., each of the names either already exists, or gets defined by using this command. 
. . . not exactly correct wording! 

I did not understand the "e.g., \tl_new:c" so left it out.  What is it an example of?

Reviewer 2: @car222222 `\tl_new:c` is a command that must not be used with an already existing macro, so in the no-error-case is guaranteed to let the control sequence to `\relax`, but it'll definitely be defined by it.

I know I'm now late to suggest any changes here, but I'd argue a simple "eventually" at the end of that sentence would explain it quite elegantly in a single word.

Reviewer 3: Re: \tl_new:c is a command that must not be used with an already existing macro

OK, but there is still a need to explain why this example is bring used, and what it explains.  None of this is at call ,clear at present, is it?

> resulting variable names will definitely exist.

Reviewer 3: And now we have "variable names": 
which seems to imply that these names vary!! 

So again: what is "a variable"?

Are the variable and its name not the same thing?
Can the variable exist but not its name, or vice versa?

Author: I've tried to make it clear what I was getting at

    lists (with access at both ends) and stacks.
\end{description}

\subsection{Behavior of \texttt{c}-type expansion where \texttt{N}-type token

>   resulting from expansion is undefined}

Reviewer 3: where . . . expansion ==> when the token resulting from the expansion . . .

When \texttt{c}-type expansion is applied, it will produce an \texttt{N}-type

> token to be consumed by the underlying function. If the result of this process

Reviewer 3: "underlying" needed?

Author: I think so - I'm trying to get at `\foo:c` => `\foo:N`

is a token which is undefined, \TeX{}'s behavior is to make it equal to
|\scan_stop:| (|\relax|).

This will likely lead to low-level errors if it occurs in contexts where
\pkg{expl3} expects a \enquote{variable}, e.g.~a \texttt{prop}, \texttt{seq},
etc. Therefore, the programmer should ensure that \texttt{c}-type expansion is

> only applied where resulting \texttt{N}-type token will definitely exist,

Reviewer 3: . . . when the . . .

Reviewer 3: This did not get changed!

> i.e.~is either defined prior to the application of the \texttt{c}-type

Reviewer 3: i.e, when it is either . . .
